What does a guy and what KMAX an now you can see that we are done with the variable products.
We are done with the symbol products now and this video will be working with the products that it is
also the most important thing.
So I'm going to go to the products and all products right here.
Let me just close all these stamps Okay.
And then here you can see that we have these products we have t shirt for Nike zipper hoodies and t
shirt for men ballasted.
So I'm just going to create a true product.
OK.
And that Volpi I'm like Vinter back so you can create a vendor back.
And then you can sell two of them product for like a discount.
OK how this is going to work I'm just going to add new here.
OK.
And then I'm going to create a product so here will be winter pack and engage 2017.
Okay.
And then here I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to hit crop products.
So now we have to come here to link products and then here I want to search for products.
So how this is going to work.
Let me show you.
So this will be like Inter PAC cage to 17.
OK.
And this is in stock.
And then we have the lenge product so here I want to search for like Hootie OK.
We have zipper hoodies.
OK.
And then we I'm going to shoot for Hootie again OK.
Let's just go to all products right here and let's see the list of all the products that we have.
So I'm just going to go to the products right here.
I'm going to go to all products and you can see that this is also the Askia is also coming so I'm going
to come here.
I'm going to go to the next one we have is t.
So I'm just going to search for t shirt tray here T-shirt for men a bottle of ice and T-shirt for men
by name so you can see instead of the Eski you since we haven't added to ask you the IED is coming so
you can also add a specific ID for you if you just bring your mouse here you can see it.
This is the 50s.
If I just come here and I just come here and I just add like
two halves to one right.
OK.
I cannot search the ID because I have to search for it.
So I'm going to come here.
I'm going to have T-shirt trade now because I have to add that to keyword three word OK.
And then we have the 50 ID's I'm just going to grab it and I just want one more.
And that will be the T-shirt.
So this will be fifty seven OK.
And then you can see that everything is right here.
Everything is coming here.
And we have the vinter whole packet.
So if someone buys this everything will be added from them.
So here what I can do I can search for like teeshirt here in the main category or just search for the
men under the T-shirt.
And then I also on the product made so my product image will be a complete bulk of teachers.
I'm just going to go to big dot com so on Splash basically is used for the background images and picks
eBay is used for the normal images so make sure to keep that in mind.
So if you need a background image go to splash dot com and if you need a normal image then we go to
Bixby dot com dot com is kind of slow right now and it's just waiting meeting meeting and meeting so
hey here I need clothing
so
well just search for shirts OK let's just search for wardrobe.
So this is the one where I'm just going to add this one I'm going to come here.
I mean this am going to sew like this.
Let's just sit down.
OK.
I'm going to come here.
I'm going to come here to new products and then I'm going to drag and drop it right here.
So if you do not find the image make sure that you change your keywords you just search for it and you
will find your image so you can see this is that image right here.
And if you don't want to search you can just create your own for Illustrator Photoshop.
If you are a designer.
So here I'm going to add some short description.
This package is best for you OK.
And then here I need some larm.
So I'm just going to I'm here I'm just going to drag and drop the tree copy and then come and paste.
I want to come here and I'm going to hit publish right now and you can see that a product has been added
so if I just open this up he'll see how this is going to look.
OK.
This is what it's looking so you can see we have zipper hoodies we have T-shirts from men by Levey's
and then we have this teacher.
So this is our this is looking OK.
You can see that this is a group product.
This is a complete package and it is Hoodie's and has T-shirt for men by the advice and T-shirt for
men by Nike.
So these three airheads if I just come here I just liked it from select options you can see that this
is here and it's going to come here.
I'm going to hit Krien and I'm going to hit two cart so you can see this is now added to my cart.
This is it is looking.
If I just go back
so you can see this is since a variable product that is why it is creating some mess it is taking us
to the package itself.
But if we just come here and we just just let's just remove it from here at the Karthikeyan.
And if I just click on the Khandi since if this is not the variable product then this is also the symbol
products.
Let's just come here let's just come here to the package and let's from here to the link products so
I just want to remove the super Hoodie's I just come here.
Super hoodies and T-shirt from and by Nike.
Let's just move it.
ZUBER hoodies and T-shirt from in by Nike.
OK.
And instead a T-Shirt T-Shirt one more and that is that that will be issued from it.
I'm just going to I'm here I'm going to hate update.
OK.
And then let's come here and let's refresh this so you can see that this is our winter package 2017.
And we have $10 to $25.
We have t shirt for men by Levice t shirt for men.
These are the products that we have in this product.
OK if I just like that I need this one quantity and I need this one.
OK.
And then I hit add two cards and you can see these bought two.
They will be added to my card automatically.
How this going to work.
OK.
And what are the uses and why you should use this like this so I just gave you an option that you can
create a specific package and then you can look to customers like choose that what they want.
OK.
See I'm like this.
You can create a product for like if you have an online shop for books.
OK.
And then you can create an online shop for like I'm Class 7 or for Class 7.
It will have all the books like Class 7 English class 7 mats.
So.
So the person has to like that I need one class 7 English and 8 to 1 class 7 math and I have the other
one is like science or by biology or physics so I have the physics at my home.
My brother has used that physics so I don't want to buy it.
I'll just shoot zero.
OK so if he'll choose zero and then the package will be automatically added to his card.
OK and all the books will be added to the card and then he can check it out.
If you are a school and you want to create an online shop for that you can create a product so this
is the perfect example OK.
If you wanted I can also show you you just have to go to the polls you have to create a product for
like Class 7 English how to create a tree for products.
OK.
And then you have to assign a product and then you have to add them simultaneously so this is how basically
the products work and if I just come here to pray here knitting and see everything is coming.
Even we have the vinter package itself that is coming so you can just if you have an online shop.
And so I like Class 7 whole course for the city school or feel like the Beacon House or something like
that so you can just do very very day more first in Michael's school St. Paul's School or St. Patrick's
school so you can just bury them if you have an online shop for books.
So I just gave you a perfect example for the products so this is how the product works.
And now we have the basic understanding of every product that we can add so we can add a simple product
we can add a variable product can we also add a crop products you can see that they're saying select
options select options.
This is at two cart and this is the new products that we have in here.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this and in the next video we'll be learning about the affiliated
products I'm going to show you how affiliated products work.
And then we'll be working with the customization designer home page and we'll move forward to Stadion
guys and goodbye.